Updates to code contribution guide (#4551)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.3/contributor-guide/contributing.md

The following topics are included in this guide:

- [Contribute to Magento 2 code](#contribute)

> - [GitHub and Two-Factor Authentication](#two-factor)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [GitHub and Two-Factor authentication](#two-factor)
```

- [Questions or enhancement requests?](#question)
- [Accepted pull requests and ported code](#rules)
- [Contribution requirements](#requirements)

> - [Forks and Pull Requests](#forks-and-pull-requests)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Forks and pull requests](#forks-and-pull-requests)
```

Contributions can take the form of new components or features, changes to existing features, tests, documentation (such as developer guides, user guides, examples, or specifications), bug fixes, optimizations, or just good suggestions. We recommend also creating back-ports and up-ports as needed with your pull requests if the issue occurs in higher or lower line releases.

The Community Engineering Team reviews all issues and contributions submitted by the community developers. During the review we might require clarifications from the contributor. If there is no response from the contributor in two weeks (14 days) time, the issue is closed.

When the Community Engineering Team works on reviewing the suggested changes, we will add a label to the issue to indicate certain information, like the status or who is working the issue. See [Labels](#labels) to learn more.

{:.bs-callout .bs-callout-tip}

> Please refer to [Magento Contributor Agreement](http://www.magento.com/legaldocuments/mca) for detailed information about the License Agreement. All contributors are required to submit a click-through form to agree to the terms.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Refer to [Magento Contributor Agreement](http://www.magento.com/legaldocuments/mca) for detailed information about the License Agreement. All contributors are required to submit a click-through form to agree to the terms.
```

## GitHub and Two-Factor Authentication {#two-factor}

> When setting up access and tokens for Magento GitHub repositories, we recommend adding Two-Factor Authentication (2FA) to enhance security. 2FA adds an additional layer of security beyond just a username/password when you access GitHub, to protect your private and public repositories.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When setting up access and tokens for Magento GitHub repositories, we recommend adding Two-Factor Authentication (2FA) to enhance security. 2FA adds an additional layer of security, beyond just a username/password, when you access GitHub, to protect your private and public repositories.
```

Reviewer: To clarify -- 2FA is required.  Access tokens are recommended.  Also, access tokens are different than 2FA.  I moved the recommendation after the requirement.  Also removed info about 2FA as that is provided in GitHub help articles, and it's a fairly well-known concept.

> Magento **requires all Partners** who contribute code to enable 2FA on their Github accounts. You can use a mobile device or 2FA application for added protection. See [Configuring two-factor authentication](https://help.github.com/en/articles/configuring-two-factor-authentication) in the Github help.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Magento **requires all Partners** who contribute code to enable 2FA on their Github accounts. You can use a mobile device or 2FA application for added protection. See [Configuring two-factor authentication](https://help.github.com/en/articles/configuring-two-factor-authentication) in the GitHub help.
```

> For details, see [Configuring Two-Factor Authentication via a mobile app guide](https://help.github.com/articles/configuring-two-factor-authentication-via-a-totp-mobile-app/) to add 2FA protection to your GitHub account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Questions or enhancement requests? {#question}

We capture issues for code in the the Magento 2 repo and documentation in the DevDocs repo. We recommend that you post all questions to a question-and-answer site, such as [Stack Exchange](https://magento.stackexchange.com/) and the [Magento Forums](https://community.magento.com/) where Magento community members can quickly provide recommendations and advice.

> Submit feature requests or enhancement suggestions to the [Magento 2 Feature Requests and Improvements forum](https://community.magento.com/t5/Magento-2-Feature-Requests-and/idb-p/feature-requests) (see details [here](https://community.magento.com/t5/News-Announcements/Improvements-to-GitHub-Management/m-p/44572#M96)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Submit feature requests or enhancement suggestions to the [Magento 2 Feature Requests and Improvements forum](https://community.magento.com/t5/Magento-2-Feature-Requests-and/idb-p/feature-requests). For details about how requests are managed, see [Improvements to GitHub Management](https://community.magento.com/t5/News-Announcements/Improvements-to-GitHub-Management/m-p/44572#M96).
```

1. PRs that include new logic or new features must be submitted along with:
  * Unit/integration test coverage (we will be releasing more information about writing test coverage in the near future).
  * Follow the [Magento DevDocs contribution work flow and guidelines](https://github.com/magento/devdocs/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) to submit proposed documentation updates to the [Magento DevDocs Github repository](https://github.com/magento/devdocs).
1. For large features or changes, [open an issue](https://github.com/magento/magento2/issues) to discuss your proposal first.  Notifying us in advance can prevent duplicate or unnecessary effort, and also offers an opportunity to get additional background information and help from other contributors. 
1. To report a bug, [open an issue](https://github.com/magento/magento2/issues), and follow the [Issue reporting guidelines](https://github.com/magento/magento2/wiki/Issue-reporting-guidelines).
1. Verify that all automated tests on your pull request pass successfully–all builds on [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org/magento/magento2) must be green.

> ## Forks and Pull Requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Forks and pull requests
```

>   * Proposed [documentation](https://github.com/magento/devdocs/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) updates. [Documentation]({{site.baseurl}}/) contributions can be submitted [here](https://github.com/magento/devdocs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Follow the [Magento DevDocs contribution work flow and guidelines](https://github.com/magento/devdocs/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) to submit proposed documentation updates to the [Magento DevDocs Github repository](https://github.com/magento/devdocs).
```

> 1. For large features or changes, please [open an issue](https://github.com/magento/magento2/issues) and discuss it with us first. This may prevent duplicate or unnecessary effort, and it may gain you some additional contributors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. For large features or changes, [open an issue](https://github.com/magento/magento2/issues) to discuss your proposal first.  Notifying us in advance can prevent duplicate or unnecessary effort, and also offers an opportunity to get additional background information and help from other contributors. 
```

> For complete information to start contributing to Magento projects, see the [Beginner Guides](https://github.com/magento/magento2/wiki/Getting-Started) on the Magento 2 repository. These guides help you:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For complete information about contributing to Magento projects, see the [Beginner Guides](https://github.com/magento/magento2/wiki/Getting-Started) on the Magento 2 repository. These guides help you:
```

> 1. To report a bug, please [open an issue](https://github.com/magento/magento2/issues), and follow these [guidelines about bugfix issues](https://github.com/magento/magento2/wiki/Issue-reporting-guidelines).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To report a bug, [open an issue](https://github.com/magento/magento2/issues), and follow the [Issue reporting guidelines](https://github.com/magento/magento2/wiki/Issue-reporting-guidelines).
```

> 1. All automated tests must pass successfully (all builds on [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org/magento/magento2) must be green).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Verify that all automated tests on your pull request pass successfully–all builds on [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org/magento/magento2) must be green.
```

> For complete information to get you started, see the [Beginner Guides](https://github.com/magento/magento2/wiki/Getting-Started) on the Magento 2 repository. The guides help you:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For complete information to start contributing to Magento projects, see the [Beginner Guides](https://github.com/magento/magento2/wiki/Getting-Started) on the Magento 2 repository. These guides help you:
```

This tool ports fixes automatically across versions with a few simple steps. It allows you to create ports only for _merged_ pull requests.

> Access the tool at [porting.engcom.dev.magento.com](https://porting.engcom.dev.magento.com/). The first time you visit, you need to login and authorize with GitHub credentials. The tool performs all actions using your token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access the tool at [porting.engcom.dev.magento.com](https://porting.engcom.dev.magento.com/). The first time you visit, you must log in and authorize with GitHub credentials. The tool performs all actions using your token.
```

1. Read the [issue reporting guidelines](https://github.com/magento/magento2/wiki/Issue-reporting-guidelines) to learn how to create an issue that can be processed in a timely manner.
1. Check the [documentation]({{site.baseurl}}/) to make sure the behavior you are reporting is really a bug, not a feature.

> 1. Check the [existing issues](https://github.com/magento/magento2/issues) to make sure you are not duplicating somebody's work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Review the [existing issues](https://github.com/magento/magento2/issues) to make sure you are not duplicating another contributor's work.
```

1. Fill in the Title, description, and additional information for the template.
1. Click **Submit new issue**.

> When you submit the issue, a validation process begins. If the issue does not have enough information, you as the Reporter may need to add more information. See [GitHub Issues Processing Workflow](https://github.com/magento/magento2/wiki/GitHub-Issues-Processing-Workflow) for complete details on issue verification.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you submit the issue, a validation process begins. If the issue does not have enough information, you, as the reporter of the issue, may need to add more information. See [GitHub Issues Processing Workflow](https://github.com/magento/magento2/wiki/GitHub-Issues-Processing-Workflow) for complete details on issue verification.
```

## Help triage issues  [![](https://www.codetriage.com/magento/magento2/badges/users.svg)](https://www.codetriage.com/magento/magento2) {#triage}

> In addition to contributing code, you can help to triage issues. This can include reproducing bug reports or asking for vital information, such as affected versions or instructions to reproduce bugs.  If you want to triage issues, you can begin by subscribing to [Magento on CodeTriage](https://www.codetriage.com/magento/magento2).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to contributing code, you can help triage issues. This can include reproducing bug reports or asking for vital information, such as affected versions or instructions to reproduce bugs.  If you want to triage issues, you can begin by subscribing to [Magento on CodeTriage](https://www.codetriage.com/magento/magento2).
```

1. Fill in the Title, description, and additional information for the template.
1. Click **Submit new issue**.

When you submit the issue, a validation process begins. If the issue does not have enough information, you as the Reporter may need to add more information. See [GitHub Issues Processing Workflow](https://github.com/magento/magento2/wiki/GitHub-Issues-Processing-Workflow) for complete details on issue verification.

## Help triage issues  [![](https://www.codetriage.com/magento/magento2/badges/users.svg)](https://www.codetriage.com/magento/magento2) {#triage}

> In addition to contributing code, you can help to triage issues. This can include reproducing bug reports or asking for vital information, such as affected versions or instructions to reproduce bugs. If you would like to start triaging issues, one easy way to get started is to [subscribe to Magento on CodeTriage](https://www.codetriage.com/magento/magento2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to contributing code, you can help to triage issues. This can include reproducing bug reports or asking for vital information, such as affected versions or instructions to reproduce bugs.  If you want to triage issues, you can begin by subscribing to [Magento on CodeTriage](https://www.codetriage.com/magento/magento2).
```
